# project overview
Use this guide to setup the backend for the project.

# tech stack
- We will use Next.js, Supabase and clerk

# tables and buckets created
Supabase stoarge bucket: emojis
Supabase database tables: profiles, emojis

TABLE profiles (
    user_id TEXT PRIMARY KEY,
    credits INTEGER DEFAULT 3 NOT NULL,
    tier TEXT NOT NULL DEFAULT 'free' CHECK (tier IN ('free', 'pro')),
    stripe_customer_id TEXT,
    stripe_subscription_id TEXT,
    created_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP NOT NULL,
    updated_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP NOT NULL
);

TABLE emojis (
    id BIGINT PRIMARY KEY GENERATED BY DEFAULT AS IDENTITY,
    image_url TEXT NOT NULL,
    prompt TEXT NOT NULL,
    likes_count NUMERIC DEFAULT 0,
    creator_user_id TEXT NOT NULL,
    created_at TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE DEFAULT NOW()
);

# Requirements

1. **Create user to user table**
   1. After a user signs in via Clerk, we should get the `userId` from Clerk, and check if this `userId` exists in the 'profiles' table, matching "user_id".
   2. If the user doesn't exist, then create a user in the 'profiles' table.
   3. If the user exists already, then proceed, and pass on `user_id` to functions like generating emojis.

2. **Upload emoji to "emojis" Supabase storage**
   1. When the user generates an emoji, upload the emoji image file returned from Replicate to the Supabase "emojis" storage bucket.
   2. Add a row to the 'emojis' table where the image URL is added to the 'emojis' data table as "image_url", and `creator_user_id` is the actual user_id.

3. **Display all images in the emoji grid**
   1. The emoji grid should fetch and display all images from the "emojis" data table.
   2. When a new emoji is generated, the emoji grid should be updated automatically to add the new emoji to the grid.

4. **Like interaction**
   1. When a user checks the 'Like' button, the `num_likes` should increase in the 'emojis' table.
   2. When a user unchecks the 'Like' button, the `num_likes` should decrease in the 'emojis' table.

---

# Documentations

## Example of uploading files to Supabase storage

```javascript
import { createClient } from '@supabase/supabase-js'

// Create Supabase client
const supabase = createClient('your_project_url', 'your_supabase_api_key')

// Upload file using standard upload
async function uploadFile(file) {
   const { data, error } = await supabase.storage.from('bucket_name').upload('file_path', file)
   if (error) {
      // Handle error
   } else {
      // Handle success
   }
}
```
